Add Example Workflow for `container-mod` (#70)
ubccr/ccr-examples: containers/1_Advanced/container-mod/personal/README.md

# container-mod Personal Mode Example

In this example, we'll use the FDS container image from [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/satcomx00/fds) and process it with `container-mod` to generate a ready-to-use environment module. We will use the default (`personal`) mode, where all files are generated in the user's `$HOME` directory. This example extends the [container-mod README](https://github.com/ubccr/ccr-examples/tree/main/containers/1_Advanced/container-mod/README.md). For more information, please refer to it.

**Generated directories and files in Personal Mode**
- `~/privatemodules/`: Stores generated modulefiles (`.lua`) for Lmod
- `~/container-apps/`: Contains all files and resources used by the generated module
	- `container-apps/images/`: Stores container images pulled from registries such as DockerHub.
	- `container-apps/repos/`: Contains metadata for all configured software, used by commands like `module spider`
	- `container-apps/tools/`: Holds generated executables (wrapper scripts) for using specific software programs

## Workflow

> 2. To use container-mod, first make sure to request an [interactive job](https://docs.ccr.buffalo.edu/en/latest/hpc/jobs/#interactive-job-submission) to utilize Apptainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To use container-mod, first make sure to request an [interactive job](https://docs.ccr.buffalo.edu/en/latest/hpc/jobs/#interactive-job-submission) to utilize Apptainer.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. If you haven't done so already, [git clone](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository) the [container-mod repository](https://github.com/TuftsRT/container-mod) into your working directory.

```

> 3. Run the `container-mod` script with the `pipe` subcommand, followed by the image location. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `container-mod` script (in the top directory of the git tree) with the `pipe` subcommand, followed by the image location. For example:
```

```

> ./container-mod pipe docker://satcomx00/fds:6.7.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./container-mod pipe -c apptainer docker://satcomx00/fds:6.7.9
```

```

> 4. If there are no software-related files beforehand (module, metadata, executable files), the script will ask the following info only once to create a new entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Two directories will be created on the first run: `~/container-apps` and `~/container-apps`  The ~/container-apps directory will include program metadata files in `~/container-apps/repos/` If there are is no metadata file for the software you installing (`fds` in this case,) the script will ask the following info only once to create a new entry:
```

> 	- Application name, version, description, homepage URL 
> 	- Available programs: Software commands used to trigger certain behaviors (E.g., fds, abaqus, OpenSees, etc.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Application description, homepage and the programs to run (in the container image)

e.g.

```bash
Enter a simple description of the application: Fire Dynamics Simulator
Enter the application's homepage URL: https://pages.nist.gov/fds-smv/
Enter the available programs (comma-separated): fds, fds_openmp  
```
```
